Shall we?
Abso-bloody-lutely!
Clock's ticking.
Let's get to work.
Yes. ma'am!
Don't mind if I do.
Claire! They're home!
Shit!
I'm sure I set that.
Bring the champagne.
Shit!
You're a goddess!
-Take off your clothes!
-Slow down. we have all night.
Nicky?
Can I be more involved
in Hillcrest?
Why would you bring that up now?
I just think that I can help.
and you know I'm discreet.
Why would you ask
about Hillcrest?
You've had all evening to bring
that up. Why bring it up now? Here?
-Are you recording this?
-Of course not!
Don't be crazy.
Hey! Hey!
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
OK. settle down.
Question number seven.
What is the capital of Fiji?
That's Fiji.
F-I-J-I.
I was just watching a show
on this the other night.
I know this one.
Glenn. you said that
for every question so far.
Of course you know them.
you set them.
Well. I might have forgotten.
mightn't I?
Hey. you know the rules.
No phones in the quiz zone.
Sorry. but I've got
to take this.
Jordan.
Sorry to disturb
on your day off. boss.
but we've had a report of a
murder at a house in Killiney.
Address belongs
to Nicholas Samson.
-The TD? Who made the call?
-Anonymous.
Great. OK. leave it with me.
Apologies. but I have to go.
-Did I hear you say TD?
-Enjoy the quiz. Mother.
-Sorry I can't stay to help.
-Oh. don't worry. dear.
You weren't being
very much help anyway.
See you.
Oh. the pressure of the
pub quiz is too much for some.
Deputy Commissioner Mitchell.
A house call on a Sunday?
This can't be good.
Sorry for the inconvenience.
but it is rather important.
This is
Chief Superintendent Wild.
Pleasure. Chief Superintendent.
So. what's this all about?
We've had a report
of an incident at this address.
I'm not aware of any incidents.
The call was about
a young woman being...
murdered on these premises.
Absolutely preposterous.
Who made this call?
-It was anonymous.
-Of course it was.
Trust me. hoax calls are par for
the course for us politicians.
But I understand
that you have your jobs to do.
So. what is it you need from me?
Well. the call said the incident
took place in the master bedroom.
-May we take a look?
-How very tiresome.
Of course you can. This way.
Feel free to look
wherever you want.
I have nothing to hide.
Is Mrs Samson home?
Visiting her mother in Sligo.
Oh.
-The rug's changed.
-Excuse me?
Charlie. what are you doing?
There's usually
a larger rug here.
You see these
darker floorboards?
They haven't been
faded by the sun.
I can't see how that's relevant.
Good eye. Chief Superintendent.
He's quite right.
We had a superb
Bidjar Persian rug.
but alas. I spilled a very
nice glass of port all over it.
Jocelyn. my wife.
was absolutely furious.
Or maybe I'm lying.
and I had to get rid of the rug
because it was covered in blood.
Flump!
What are you doing? That is not
a man with whom you mess.
-He killed that girl.
-Can you prove that?
Nicholas Samson is ruthless.
He ends careers and is blatant
about it. he takes joy in it.
You cannot take this any further
without solid. irrefutable evidence.
Do you understand
what I'm saying?
We have another problem.
There was a witness.
This dating lark is hard.
This one want your
babies there and then. too?
No. this one claimed to be 21.
but was actually closer to 50.
And when I called her on it.
she says she was 21-plus.
but never tells anyone
what the plus is.
Maybe you're giving off
a pheromone.
You know Glenn.
He's a great believer
in those things!
I prefer not to think about Glenn
and pheromones. thank you very much.
Quite right.
Look. I don't want to worry you. but
there are two women of a certain age
and they've been following us
for a few minutes.
This is not funny. Harry.
Well. perhaps
I've been around you too much
and I'm immune to your
olfactory charms. but...
We're definitely being stalked
by some rampant cougars.
Shall we find out
what they want? Shall we?
Are you following us?
Yes. but with good reason.
We need your help.
But if you tell anyone.
our lives could be in danger.
It's OK. You can trust us.
We won't tell anyone. as long as
you haven't committed a crime.
Well. maybe just
one or two tiny ones?
The thing is. we...
we were a little bit bored.
So. we came up with a...
-Well. a hobby.
-Jesus!
If this goes slower. we'll be
cutting into wine o'clock.
-We're burglars.
-Come again?
We burgle houses. It's harmless.
We never steal anything valuable
or meaningful.
-Just trinkets.
-I like spoons.
We know when houses nearby
are going to be empty.
We run the Neighbourhood Watch.
We've only done it a couple of
times. just for fun.
-Apart from this time.
-Well. what happened this time?
I saw a woman being murdered.
Oh. you need to tell us
everything.
Well. the house belongs
to Nicholas Samson.
-The politician.
-The murdering arsehole.
This didn't happen in Killiney
by any chance. did it?
-Yes. how did you know?
-Uh. doesn't matter. Carry on.
We met for some pre-burglary
drinks at mine.
Went in over the back wall.
crossed the lawn.
killed the alarm.
How do you know
how to kill an alarm?
YouTube. But we were
only just in the house
-when he...
-The murdering arsehole!
Came home. but he wasn't alone.
He certainly wasn't
with Mrs Samson.
She was American. half his age.
all legs and teeth.
I hid under the bed. I was
absolutely crapping myself.
She started talking about
something called Hillcrest.
which made him angry.
and then I think he grabbed her.
And I-I couldn't tell
what happened next.
but he hit her with something
and then she was just...
She was just... dead.
What happened next?
Well. he left the room.
went downstairs.
And I managed to sneak out.
I heard him on the phone
while I was leaving.
but I couldn't hear
what he was saying.
And then I met up with Diane.
and we went back to mine.
We didn't know what to do.
We can't be involved.
but we couldn't pretend
like it just hadn't happened.
The next day. we made a call
to the Guardai.
-Anonymously.
-Because of that call.
Nicholas Samson will already
know that there's a witness.
Well. that's why we can't come
forward. Will you help us?
Go to Charlie.
see what you can get.
I'll start with Pierce Kennedy
and see if he's had
any Jane Does recently.
Pierce. are you here?
I wouldn't come any closer. I'm in
the middle of someone right now.
I've seen a dead body before.
Plenty. in fact.
Fair enough.
What can I do for you?
-I'm looking for a woman.
-Aren't we all?
Blonde. around 30.
died of a head wound
in the past couple of days.
No. No one like that.
I'm afraid.
Ah. Well. if someone like that
does show up. you'd let me know?
It'd be my pleasure. Miss Wild.
Maybe we could
have a drink sometime?
Actually. I. er...
I've got a lot on right now.
Suit yourself.
Afternoon. Chief.
You got a minute?
Ferg! Sure. come on in.
What can I do for you?
Can I ask you a hypothetical?
OK.
Let's say Harry and I
had a client or clients
that had witnessed a crime and
were too scared to come forward.
Could you... force me
to tell you who they are?
This wouldn't have anything
to do with the call I got
about a murder
in Killiney. would it?
Doesn't take a genius.
We get an anonymous call.
A couple of days later.
you two are hired.
Who's the witness?
They won't come forward.
They're too scared
and we gave them our word.
Hm.
In answer to your question. yes.
I can arrest you for perverting
the course of justice.
You would go to prison
until you reveal what you know.
But. of course.
I'm not gonna do that.
Oh.
Whoever your clients are.
they're right to be scared.
You and Harry should be. too.
Nicholas Samson is
a powerful. sadistic man.
-and I believe he's a killer.
-You know him?
He mimed beating someone
to death.
and he'd switched a rug in
the bedroom for a smaller one.
I'm guessing because the
original was drenched in blood.
Does your client know
who the victim was?
No. No name. just a description.
Blonde. about 30. American.
Well. we've not had any missing
persons reported. I've checked.
No Jane Does in the morgue
either. Harry checked.
Without more evidence.
I can't pursue him.
So. you and I never had
this conversation.
but you find something.
you bring it to me.
But. Ferg.
Be very. very careful.
-Edna says to say hi.
-Who?
-Will you stop?
-Unlikely.
-So. what's your good idea?
-OK. I was thinking
that somewhere between Claire
getting out after the murder
and Charlie and Vivian arriving.
Samson must have arranged for
someone to come and move the body.
That's probably who he was on
the phone with when Claire left.
Exactly. So there's a window
of time
where someone must have arrived
at Samson's house.
and the house opposite happened
to have a doorbell camera.
-So. did they give you the footage?
-Yeah. It was a very nice lady.
Oh. older was she?
-Unfortunately. that is where my great idea falls down.
-Oh.
As you can see.
look. the angle's all wrong.
You don't even see
Samson's gate.
Cars driving by. yeah. sure.
but there's no real way
of knowing if any of them
stopped at Samson's house.
Bugger!
It was a great idea. though.
Thanks.
-How was the date. son?
-Oh.
I'd rather not talk about it.
-That bad. huh?
-Yeah.
Don't give up. Ferg.
The only time we fail
is when we give up.
-That's what I always say.
-What?
I've never heard you say that.
Well. I'm saying it now.
Actually. I'm thinking of
getting back in the game myself.
Oh. Got anyone in mind.
have you there. Da?
Actually. there is someone.
but not really ready
to talk about it just yet.
I figure the lucky lady
should be the first to hear.
OK.
"Politician Nicholas Samson
has today announced a major new
development in Leopardstown
to combat
Dublin's housing crisis.
The Hillcrest project will break
ground in the next week.
led by Fitzgilbert Construction.
A spokesperson
for the government said
that Fitzgilbert Construction
had impressed
"with their
forward-thinking vision."
Here. buy this for me.
will you. Da?
Yeah.
See ya later. son.
I was just thinking about you.
Great minds.
I was wondering
if you fancied...
-getting together. like?
-Great minds indeed.
I was going to ask you
the same thing.
There's something
I want to talk to you about.
And there's something
-Say six o'clock in the Goose?
-It's a date.
Better get a new suit.
I scanned the doorbell cam
footage again and found this.
Fitzgilbert Construction.
That van was seen near Samson's
house the night of the murder.
And now. three days later. the
company's awarded a huge contract?
Well done. you.
But that's not proof.
We need more.
-And there it is.
-Do you see what I see?
-Depends. What do you see?
-The doorbell cam.
The builder's van was following
a very nice-looking Merc.
Just like
that nice-looking Merc.
Yeah. you're right.
Well spotted.
Well. look what we have
here. Who are these guys?
Oh. er...
Which one do we follow?
The employee probably did the
dirty work. let's follow him.
Now what? That might be him
done for the day.
Unless Nicholas Samson
kills anyone else tonight.
Go!
Go after him.
Keep him in your sight.
-Call me if he's coming back.
-Why. what are you gonna do?
Go before you lose him!
-I can help with that.
-Jesus! What are you doing here?
I've been following you.
I'm not very good
at sitting around and waiting.
It's a character flaw. I know.
It's just I have experience
with...
Oh. so do you.
Well. we can't hang around here.
This isn't smart. Claire.
These people are dangerous.
I know. Harry.
I was in the room. remember?
Ah! Tadhg Ferrell.
We have a name.
That's the rug from the bedroom.
What? No one's that stupid!
Turns out they are.
He's on his way back.
We have to leave.
-Where'd you come from?
-She's been following us.
-Sorry.
-Well. what about you?
You haven't been gone long.
Well. he ran
to the back of some shops.
met someone.
gave him some money.
I know him from somewhere.
but I just can't place him.
Well. we found something.
We need to talk to Charlie.
OK.
Sure one can't hurt.
Jesus. Mother! Since when
do you know how to pick a lock?
Harry gave me his picks
when he left.
and Skeevy gave us a crash
course on how to use them.
OK. I'm gonna forget that bit
right now.
You need to persuade
your clients to come in
and make an official statement.
They won't. And I can't. with
good conscience. suggest it.
You really think that you can protect
them from someone like Samson?
And we already know he has
people to do his dirty work for him.
Our best bet is to get
this guy to talk.
OK. so.
who are we talking about?
His name is Tadhg Farrell.
and he works
for Fitzgilbert Construction.
Why do I know that name?
Samson just awarded them
a massive contract
to build 1.000 houses.
And after he killed this woman.
Samson called Cian Fitzgilbert.
the boss.
Now. Fitzgilbert and Farrell
went over to Samson's house.
rolled the dead woman
up in the rug.
and Farrell
dumped her body somewhere.
He wasn't the brightest.
He kept the rug.
And if you can get him
before he disposes of it.
it will link him to Samson.
And you're not investigating
Samson directly.
I hear you. I like this.
but I need probable cause to get
into this Farrell guy's house.
Well. you can just say that
you heard reports of a break-in.
Jordan?
-Yes. boss.
-Had a report of a break-in
at the house of
a man called Tadhg Farrell.
You and me are going
to check it out.
We are?
I just spoke to Charlie.
Tadhg Farrell got rid
of the rug before he got there.
Now what?
-Hiya. Harry. Hiya. love.
-Hey!
-Your da here?
-Not seen him.
-Oh.
-OK. Paula?
-Well. you look anxious.
-Bloody hell. Harry.
It is impossible
to keep secrets around you.
There is something. but I need
to tell your dad first. OK?
-OK.
-He should be here soon.
PAULA!
Do you get it?
I'm the fella in that play that we
saw that time. do you remember?
You bought the tickets for it.
That was a brilliant night out.
wasn't it?
What's it called again?
Something. something.
something. something.
-A Streetcar Named Desire.
-That's the one.
It was brilliant. wasn't it?
-We had a great time...
-Don't fucking touch me. Malky!
We didn't!
You spilled your drink
on the woman in front of us.
-Did I?
-Yeah. you did.
There were people
from my work there.
I can't do this.
I'm so sorry. Ferg.
Fuck's sake. Da!
I'm sorry. son. I...
I don't know
what I was thinking.
I have to make sure
she's all right.
No. Um...
This needs to be me. Fergus.
Paula.
No.
NO?
I was going to tell you tonight.
Felt I owed it to you
to tell you first.
Me and Paula have been seeing
each other for a while now. Malky.
-And I've asked her to marry me.
-And I've accepted.
You can't be serious.
He threatened to break
our daughter's arm.
I know that. Fergus told me.
And I would never
have done that.
That was only to motivate you
to pay me.
But you look at me now.
turning over a new leaf.
No more sharking.
No more anything.
Because I'm going to make Paula
the happiest woman ever.
-Aw.
-Because I love her.
And I've never done that before.
I wanted to tell you first.
out of respect. which...
is something you've hardly
ever shown me.
It's really Fergus
I need to tell.
You want to come with me. Nigel?
Of course.
-What a bloody moron!
-I know. and I apologise.
You're right. it was stupid.
but he's got rid of the rug now
and it won't be found.
I guarantee it.
But it was actually
a good thing.
Tadhg spoke to his man
in the station.
One of the people involved
is the Chief Superintendent's
mother.
-Why would she be involved?
-She's a private investigator.
Her name's Harry Wild.
I think
whoever was in your house
hired her
to prove what happened.
How is that a good thing?
Because they'll lead us
to whoever hired them.
and then we make the problem
go away.
Harry Wild?
Nice little houses. these.
Good location.
I suspect they're not grand
enough for someone like you.
-Mr Samson.
-So. you know who I am?
What do you want?
We've had a developer put in
a bid to buy the park here.
put up a tower block.
Thought I'd come and take a look
for myself.
I'm sure nothing like that's
going to happen here.
Oh. I don't know.
There is a housing crisis
in Dublin. after all.
What was her name? The blonde?
I'm sure I don't know
what you're talking about.
I'd better get on.
No rest for the wicked.
Hey.
I'm sorry. Didn't mean
to sneak up on you. You OK?
-I just met Samson.
-What? He was here?
We have met some ugly people
in our time.
but I've never met anyone so sure
he's going to get away with murder.
We have to get him. Fergus.
Well. I think I might have
identified the victim.
-That's her.
-Her name is...
was Cassie Forbes.
She worked at Samson's office.
We called the office
asking to speak to her.
but they told us
she'd gone travelling.
Yeah. no one seems to know
where.
That's good she has a name now.
Well. knowing who she was
doesn't get us any nearer
to proving
that Samson killed her.
We'll stay on him.
but you ladies
might want to think about
taking a trip for a week or two?
We can't just run away.
We've lives.
Well. I don't really have
anything on this week.
Or next.
Well. we'll think about it.
We can't hide for ever. Harry.
We need a solution.
Well. I promise you
we're working on it.
I don't think we've ever had
a case quite like this one.
We know exactly what happened.
we just have no way to prove it.
Yeah. the man is going to get
away with murder because of it.
I think Tadhg Farrell's
the weak link here.
Samson's the killer.
Fitzgilbert
has too much to gain.
Tadhg. he's just a dogsbody.
But he's a big.
scary looking dogsbody.
I know where I saw him.
your man who Tadhg met
on his run.
Who is he?
The janitor
in Charlie's station.
-What. are you sure?
-Absolutely.
I mean. no one pays
any attention to the cleaner.
He's always just emptying bins
or sweeping up.
-We need to tell Charlie.
-Well. hold on.
If he's passing on information
about us.
then he knows about us
and that's how Samson knew
where to find you.
And if they know about us.
-that will lead them to...
-Claire.
I mean. he has his own
Wikipedia page. for God's sake.
How would he even know
who we are?
A man like that has connections.
You're not wrong.
Who are you?
Get out of my house.
I'm not the one that went to call
the fucking Guardai now. am I. love?
Are you going to kill us?
Trust me. I don't want to do it
any more than you do.
Well. seeing as we're the ones
who'll be dead.
I don't think
that's an argument you can win.
Are you for real?
Very. Are you?
What's the plan?
Out of interest.
You should know. the Guardai are already
on their way. so you'd better think fast.
And they know it's you
because we took a little video
through the window
and we sent it to them.
-What do you think you're doing?
-You gonna shoot all four of us?
Oh. and then. what.
immediately go on the run?
Be smart. fella. huh?
OK. so far. the only thing
you're guilty of
is disposing of a body.
but you do this.
that is a whole different thing.
Do you really want
to kill four people?
No. It's nothing to do with me.
You were about to murder us.
you dick less little shit!
That has something
to do with you.
This is such bollocks.
This has nothing to do with me.
This has nothing
to do with Cian.
It's all Samson.
He's a worthless shite of a man.
Well. and then he comes out of
this scot-free? Is that right?
People like him always do.
-Don't they?
-Yeah.
Well. not if someone
stands up to them.
Somebody who knows
what really happened that night.
Well. they're not
going to believe him.
I'm sorry. but it's true.
I mean. they wouldn't have
believed me over Samson.
They're most certainly not going
to believe him. No offence.
-Some taken. as it happens.
-Well. you know what I mean.
People like Samson
get away with murder.
Literally. in this case.
We have no evidence
to prove otherwise.
-Well. what if there was evidence?
-The rug? You kept it?
No. I burned it. That's gone.
But when I was cleaning up
the girl.
Cian and Samson were downstairs.
So. I rolled her up.
Grabbed her things. Noticed she
didn't have her phone on her.
So. I thought that was odd. so I
went around. had a look for it.
I found it on a shelf. She'd put
it there. It was recording.
-She filmed her own murder.
-You kept the phone?
Yeah. figured I might need
insurance one day.
You have the evidence that can
put Nicholas Samson behind bars!
Cian's never gonna forgive me.
I'll go get it.
-Oh. my God.
-Charlie. we just got a break.
Tadhg Farrell has video evidence
of the murder.
Well. I suggest you get
to his place
as fast as you possibly can.
Jordan!
Tadhg Farrell?
This is An Garda Síochána.
We're coming in.
-Suicide note.
-And confession.
Yeah. Typed.
Anyone could have written it.
-With respect. this is bollocks.
-I'm as frustrated as you.
But we have a confession
from Tadhg Farrell
claiming responsibility
for Cassie Forbes' murder.
He told Harry
he had a video proving.
-Nicholas Samson killed her.
-And did anyone else see this video?
Did Harry?
It wasn't found in his house.
We know Samson
killed that woman.
The DPP won't go forward.
It's hearsay.
Hearsay that is now contradicted
by a confession.
From a dead man!
There's a witness to the murder.
What if we can persuade them
to come forward?
It'll still be their word
against that of Nicholas Samson.
And I know it's not right.
Charlie. but his word means more.
Look. I agree with you.
it is utter bollocks.
But our hands are tied.
Word has come down
from the Commissioner.
This case is closed.
-Then you have my resignation.
-No. Charlie.
You'll have it in writing
this afternoon.
-Don't bother. I'll refuse it.
-You can't!
Take a sabbatical.
You can call it whatever
you want. but I'm done.
What are you going to do now?
I don't know.
Sorry. love.
I should have kept my head
and discussed it with you first.
but I...
-It's OK. I understand.
-I'll find another job.
Oh. Charlie. it's OK.
It'll be fine.
Look. for what it's worth.
I could bung you
a couple of shifts
behind the bar. if you want.
Or better still. I'm going to be
running a male stripper night.
You still got your uniform?
-What?
-I'm proud of you. Charlie.
It's not easy to take a stand.
Yeah. the worst part is that
bastard gets away with murder.
Well. he's not going to.
I don't know how yet.
But I'm gonna get him.
I had a dog when I was a boy.
You remind me of that dog.
She wouldn't come
when she was called.
Tried to bite everyone.
I can understand that.
My father wanted
to put her down.
I persuaded him
to give me a month.
Promised him I'd make her
an obedient little bitch.
Or I'd put her down myself.
I didn't need a month.
I tied a rock around her neck
and I threw her in the lake.
You're telling me
about you failing.
I think this is going to be fun.
don't you?
Be seeing you. Professor Wild.
Count on it.